[Music]
good evening welcome to filling up how
are you good good good uh you can't come
in you're too busy and now we're not too
busy and you're not here to receive an
OBE you have dinner you're dressed to
formal we'll go back again that's Chris
you can put you back in hospital sit
down you are not eating that
I like your lipstick it's weight
spending time in the company of the
Golden Girls
exactly I'm Adam unfortunately you're
talking out your ear looking for trouble
why don't you just sit down stop trying
to cause trouble and when you worried
about your villain what [ __ ] plates
that no one's changing [ __ ] come and
tell me yeah cuz I'll snatched my over
your [ __ ] head
how's your Pollux Oh delicious very good
very good first time I've had quality
and I enjoy it I should have it again
I can't believe you said that to you
about my books I thought you were great
in the Queen by the way I beg you
old people I feel like I've come to see
my granny in a retirement home it must
be a nightmare knife for me that strong
needle
you